---
layout: post
title: daily grind of a wannabe wizard
img: wanabe_wizard_daily_grind2.png
---
Another day and another look into the void.

Sure ,its tough trying to sit there and tell your forebrain to shut the hell up, don't fill in the details, stop it ,don't touch that.

Does it listen?

No.

ABSOLUTELY NOT.

I have come to the conclusion after so many views that my brain is lazy and wants to do its own thing.

Sure, I have data trickling in .Good solid data of the target and surroundings. All of the environment and emotions tied to it.

Is it good enough for my fore brain?

No!

And ,just to make it even better, adding salt to the wound ,my emotional center kicks in .

Hello? Are you there? Lets just add a 10,000 percent increase in that emotional core and get you some tissues

A box or two? 

Wow, it is like learning to ride a bike but the neighbor wants to help by throwing boiling water or ice chunks at your head while sticking a rod in your spokes

Crash and burn

I have been able to continue viewing after such events but its difficult to say the least.

Between the castle building by the forebrain and the ice chunk upside the head, my data is severely compromised

But its ok ,until I can get a job where the data is important and will be recognized as valued, I don't mind crashing and burning

A learning experience that is valuable.

If i can impart any help to wannabe wizards who are just now folding their tinfoil hats and checking for reception ,It would be to have someone to discuss the fail with and try to understand and move past the blockage and wreckage from your mind. Its not that you have failed. Its that you have learned a new way to fall .

So pick up the pieces, straighten that brim, pull up those suspenders and double knot that work boot soldier.

Now.

get out there, do it again and remember

wizards that have a big smile on their face and tinfoil on their head are an impressive sight indeed.

People actually will walk on the other side of the street just because of how awesome they are.

Veni, vidi, cecidi et surrexit
I came, I saw, I fell and I got up


